			     Console Jabber Client
		   (c) 2003,2004 Jacek Konieczny <jajcus@bnet.pl>

CJC is a Jabber/XMPP client for text terminals. It uses pyxmpp library for XMPP
comunication and curses for screen output. It is not finished yet, but still
quite usable. Its user interface is resembling those of popular IRC clients
like irssi or BitchX.

Requirements:
-------------

1. Python interpreter

	PyXMPP and CJC were tested with Python 2.3.3, but probably it will also
	work with some older Python versions (but not older than 2.3).

2. PyXMPP - http://jabberstudio.org/projects/pyxmpp

	If you are using CJC from SVN then probably the best choice is to use
	latest PyXMPP from SVN too. For official releases the latest PyXMPP
	release before that CJC release should work well (but newer release may
	work better).

	PyXMPP should be installed in system in default Python module search path,
	but it doesn't have to be installed (just compiled) if you want to run CJC
	from the source tree (using cjc.py script). PyXMPP compiled sources should be
	placed in same directory where cjc source tree is (both CJC and PyXMPP
	tarballs unpacked or both SVN modules checked out in the same directory).

3. libxml2 python bindings - http://xmlsoft.org/

	This is rather pyxmpp requirement and the libxml2 module should match
	libxml2 library version used to compile PyXMPP. CJC was tested with
	libxml2-2.6.7. Versions older than 2.6.0 will probably not work well.


Installation:
-------------

You may run CJC right from the source tree, but to install it into the system use:

	make install


Usage:
------

See the attached manual (doc/manual.html). Some day it may be complete :-)


Bug reports and feature requests:
---------------------------------

The best place to send those is the CJC page on JabberStudio:

	http://jabberstudio.org/projects/cjc

But you can write to me directly via e-mail: jajcus@bnet.pl 
or jabber: jajcus@jabber.bnet.pl

There is also a mailing list for CJC: cjc@lists.bnet.pl. To subscribe -- send
an empty message to cjc-subscribe@lists.bnet.pl.

But if you don't describe your problem or wish on JabberStudio I may forget
about it.
